Trustor - The trustor assumes the role of an evaluator within an IoV network to assess and ascertain the trustworthiness of a trustee. In our proposed dataset, there are 80 trustors listed in column 1 of the dataset.
Trustee - The trustee, also referred to as a target node or a host node, is an entity that is evaluated by a trustor as either trustworthy or untrustworthy. In our proposed dataset, there are 79 trustees (listed in column 2 of the dataset) that have encountered 96,707 interactions with trustors. 
Packet Delivery Rate (PDR) - The Packet Delivery Rate (0=< PDR <=1) measures the degree of interaction between a trustor and a trustee at a time instance t within an IoV network, thereby providing a key understanding of their relationship ((listed in column 3 of the dataset). 
Similarity (Sim) - The similarity (0=< Sim <=1) between a trustor and a trustee at a time instance t encompasses both external similarity (ES) and internal similarity (IS), and is a weighted amalgamation of the two. The same is listed in column 4 of the dataset.
External Similarity (ES) - The external similarity (0=< ES <=1) suggests the extent to which a trustor and a trustee access similar content at a time instance t, and is listed in column 5 of the dataset.
Internal Similarity (IS) - The internal similarity (0=< IS <=1) manifests the degree of similarity in the positions (geographical locations), directions (travelling trajectories), velocities and accelerations of a trustor and trustee. The same is depicted in column 6 of the dataset.
Familiarity (Fam) - The familiarity (0=< Fam <=1) between a trustor and a trustee at a time instance t is also segregated into external familiarity (EF) and internal familiarity (IF). The same is delineated in column 7 of the dataset.

